[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia!
Birdramon!
This Digimon digivolves
from Biyomon.
Meteor Wing is not only
its special attack,
but it's super powerful,
pelting the enemy
with fiery feathers!
Now check this out.
The color of Birdramon's flames
indicates that they're
around 1,500 degrees.
But what's weird is that
Sora's always riding around
on Birdramon
without any problem.
Maybe she sits on a special
cushion or something?
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] After making their
long and perilous journey,
the three Digidestined,
Tai, Izzy, and Mimi,
returned to Tokyo.
Or so they thought...
However, it turned
out to be a fake Tokyo
that had been created
within the Digital World.
Tai, I think we're still
in the Digital World.
This is a city
created out of data!
An artificial Tokyo!
Tai's team struggled in
their fight against Eyesmon.
But then, just in
the nick of time,
the other team,
Matt, Sora, and Joe,
arrived on the scene.
Working together, they
defeated their enemy.
But before they even had a
chance to catch their breath,
a new Digimon appeared,
rising from the ashes
of Eyesmon's defeat.
(High-pitched Roaring)
[Tai] Don't tell me...
You mean that
Eyesmon digivolved?!
(Sora gasps)
Look!
Huh?!
(loud screeching)
[Mimi] What?! No way!
There are two of them now?!
No, wait... even more!
Oh come on! No one told me
there would be math involved!
[Joe] Whoa! How many
more are there gonna be?!
No.. wait! That's...
(Izzy gasps)
Orochimon, an Ultimate Digimon!
All eight of those heads
actually belong to
just one Digimon!
(Orochimon roars loudly)
(scared screaming)
What is this?!
(glitching noises)
Is this...
an EMP?!
E... M... What?
Electromagnetic
pulse. A strong one.
Huh?
It's probably caused
by Orochimon's roar!
(cars honking)
(lightning crackling)
(car alarm going off)
(explosions)
(Izzy gasps)
No way! It's affecting
the real Tokyo too?
What?
Huh?
Giga Storm!
Vulcan's Hammer!
(grunting)
(determined roar)
(loud explosion)
[Tai] Agumon!
[Joe] Gomamon!
Whoa!
Everyone! We gotta
get outta here!
(grunting)
(worried gasps)
Hurry! Get on!
[Sora] Okay!
(relieved sighs)
[Sora] Tai! Matt! Hurry!
[Tai] Matt, come
on! We gotta go now!
Ah!
(relieved laughs)
Garudamon! Let's
get out of here!
(determined grunt)
[Matt] Put me down.
We've gotta go back!
We need to finish this
now, before it's too late!
But, Matt!
Huh?
[MegaKabuterimon] I think
we're in the splash zone!
Make that wind zone!
[Garudamon] Everyone hold on!
[Mimi] Hold on to
what?! We're falling!
[Joe] Better us than
my grades am I right!
(Joe screaming)
(distressed yelling)
[Tai's Mom] Wow, what a mess...
What's the matter, mom?
My GPS. It's been
acting really weird.
(worried sigh)
Huh?
(exhausted sighing)
Is everybody all right?
Yeah, I think so...
I thought that we were
done for back there!
We can digivolve to
Ultimate too, but still...
he's huge and super powerful!
I'd even say super ridiculous!
How is it fair to have
eight heads anyway?
That's lot more heads
than anyone needs!
How ya doin''' Gomamon?
(struggling) I'm doing okay.
But still, that was touch
and go for a minute there!
Just when we thought we'd
managed to defeat Eyesmon,
something even more powerful
appeared and shut us down!
Well, for now, I think if
we just hide out down here-
(Orochimon screeching outside)
(Joe whimpers)
Joe! Shh... It's okay!
But Orochimon's out
there right now,
looking everywhere for us
so he can take us down!
(frightened) No way!
I'm so scared
Is this effecting Shibuya
in the real world?
Could it be the two
different speeds of time
are synchronizing?
I'm sorry, what now?
Eyesmon was pulling in
massive amounts of data,
bringing it from our world
over to the Digital World.
That's what caused the
massive power outage
In Tokyo and all the
chaos over there.
And also generated the
fake Tokyo in this world.
Despite being in
the Digital World,
Eyesmon managed to create
a special dimension
that linked directly
with our world.
And then... it
digivolved to Orochimon!
all these facts are
significant somehow...
and I believe they're
all interconnected.
If I can put together a theory
that incorporates it all,
I might be able to
see the big picture.
That's my Izzy! Always thinking!
And always making me
dizzy with that thinking!
I wonder if everything's okay
with Tai and his group...
(static sounds)
[Tai] (sighing) It's no use.
Maybe this is 'cause of that
EMP thing Izzy mentioned.
Huh?
(strange noise
coming from outside)
(hissing)
(relieved sigh)
So what happened earlier?
It seems that Orochimon's power
is directly affecting
our world too,
and if that's true...
we can't waste any
time in stopping him.
Which means I need
to get back out there
and take him down
as soon as possible.
Right near Shibuya.
in Daikan-yama.
That's where... my brother TK...
is living right now.
[Tai] What?
(ominous music plays)
(cars honking)
[TK] Matt...
Stuck smack in the middle
of Shibuya. Just great...
(lightning crackling)
Huh?
(car alarms going off)
What is it now?
(static sounds)
(scared gasp)
(whimpering)
[Man] The trains
are running again!
Huh?
What seriously?
That's what the news said!
[Other Man] Then let's go!
They could stop again soon!
[Man] Yeah, okay. Standing
here isn't doing us any good.
(static sound)
Kari, we should go too.
Huh?
[Tai's Mom] Looks like
the trains will be faster.
Mhm.
[Woman] They said the
Inokashira Line's moving!
[Man] The subway seems okay now!
[Woman] We gotta go!
(concerned gasp)
[Tai's Mom] Kari!
(crowd arguing)
Yeah, it's not only our
world that's at stake here.
Here in this world, there are
a lot of Digimon suffering.
All because of what some bad
Digimon have done to them.
Hm...They aren't the only ones!
A lot's happened to me here too.
Aw, hey, come on Mimi! Cheer up!
Oh, I'm just fine.
Thanks to you.
(affirmative humming) I'm
proud of all you've done, Mimi.
And, you know, I've
gone through a lot too!
However! By confronting
and overcoming
the obstacles that were in
my way, I've grown so much!
I've become a much bigger
and better person now!
Uh... I hope.
And Gomamon, too! He
literally got bigger
when he digivolved into that
incredibly strong Zudomon!
(Gomamon giggles)
Hold on. If you
wanna talk bigger-
I know what you're saying!
Garudamon would rival him!
Mhm!
You can keep bigger all you
want! I'm the prettiest!
Well, yeah, but only
when you're Lillymon.
Hey, what?!
(Tentomon clears his throat)
What about me?
[Izzy] If coolness
is our metric,
then the clear winner's
gotta be MegaKabuterimon!
Oh really?! Aw shucks...
-[Sora] Yup.
-Huh?
[Sora] Even though we're
split up into two teams,
we still made it here.
I know if we all work together,
we'll get through
this just fine!
I know I wasn't the most
prepared at first, but...
(Izzy hums in agreement)
And I'll try my best too!
Yeah me too!
Me three! Let's do this!
... Oh?
(rumbling noise from above)
Yeah, chances are
we can do this.
Wait, I know we can do this!
(determined grunts)
(hopeful music playing)
That guy's still
trying to hunt us down.
Gabumon, you ready to go?
You bet!
[Tai] Wait.
There's no point in
trying to stop us.
I won't stop you. But
if you're gonna do this,
we both oughta go.
And we won't be alone.
Agumon and Gabumon will
be there with us too.
Uh huh! Let's do it!
Yeah!
You're way too eager about this.
It's gonna be really
dangerous, you know.
You say that like I haven't
been in dangerous situations
dozens of times
since we got here.
Don't get cocky. The
same goes for me.
(Tai chuckles)
(Matt chuckles)
(humming in agreement)
(Orochimon roars loudly)
(crowd gasps in confusion)
[man] What was that?
(static noise plays
over Orochimon's roar)
Huh?
We should keep on
traveling underground
and then pop up right in
front of Orochimon's face.
Even if he does have eight heads
he still only has one body.
Which means we have just
one target to aim for!
[Garurumon] We're close!
Are you guys ready to do this?
You bet! Alright,
let's go Agumon!
Mhm!
Agumon digivolve to...
Greymon!
(upbeat music playing)
(screeching)
Greymon!
Nova Blast!
(frustrated grunt)
Garurumon, go!
Howling Blaster!
(explosions)
Ah...
Hey! Matt!
Hm.
Now, Garurumon!
(heroic music playing)
Garurumon! digivolve to...
WereGarurumon!
(loud roaring)
Here I come!
Wolf...
Claw!
(Orochimon screeching)
All right... Go, Greymon!
(heroic music playing)
Greymon! digivolve to...
MetalGreymon!
(Both grunting)
It's probably fighting
Tai and the others.
(humming in agreement)
[Tai] That head's the
one! Go MetalGreymon!
Yeah! Giga Storm!
(loud explosion)
Hm?
Ah!
[Tai] You good buddy?
[MetalGreymon] All good.
[Matt] How about
you, WereGarurumon?
I can still... fight!
[Garudamon] Count us in too!
Huh?
(up-lifting music playing)
Hey! Is that the best you got?!
[Garudamon] I'll take
care of that head!
[MegaKabuterimon] Sounds good!
And I'll take care of
those two knuckleheads!
Now, if we all just work
together and combine our powers-
Yes, exactly! Let's divide
up the rest of the heads
and take 'em down!
You guys...
[Mimi] Let's finish
this once and for all!
(Zudomon grunts)
(upbeat rock music playing)
You guys! Go now!
(humming in agreement)
Let's go MetalGreymon!
[MetalGreymon] Right!
(MetalGreymon growling)
Flower Cannon!
(Garudamon battle cries)
Horn Buster!
(loud yelling)
Just a little more...
(surprised gasp)
Is that... Matt?
(MetalGreymon roaring)
Giga Storm!
(Orochimon screeching)
Ah!
Giga... Blaster!
(pained screeching)
Guys look!
[Izzy] That dark-colored one
was Orochimon's real head.
The rest were only decoys!
They were actually just limbs
that were disguised
to look like heads!
(light-hearted piano playing)
So tired...
(Sora chuckles)
Yeah, everybody
worked really hard.
(sighing)
I did!
Uh huh.
[Tentomon] Man, who's
hungry? It's me.
(Izzy laughs)
I'm so glad that
everyone's safe now.
All thanks to you, Gomamon.
(Tai sighs happily)
You really weren't
kidding when you said
it'd be dangerous.
(Agumon and Gabumon
hum in agreement)
Oh, you mean exactly
what I told you earlier?
Hey, we got through
it didn't we?
(chuckling)
We all did! Right?
(amused humming in agreement)
I have a feeling our
worlds gonna be fine.
(lightning cracks)
What?
What now?
(clock ticking)
Huh?
A countdown? What...
does this mean?
[Woman] What is it
counting down to?
(clock ticking)
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Narrator] The
Digidestined are cornered!
Meanwhile, the futures
of their younger siblings
in Tokyo begin to fall apart.
[Tai] Next time, Countdown
to Tokyo's Annihilation
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.